README.md, before:

# Untangle the Gordian Knot!
![Logo](src/main/resources/frontend/knot.png)

This is a tool for analyzing the inner dependencies of your java software
on different levels. It can be used to display interactive
dependency graphs of classes, packages, package subtrees or archives
to help you understand what the structure of your application really is
and how you can make it more similar to what you want it to be.

You may also run the analysis as part of your automatic system tests to
make sure that in an ongoing development process the structure stays clean.

GordianKnot is able to detect
- circular dependencies
- unused classes
- unused libraries
- libraries which may be candidates for replacement

Once finished, it will also report
- missing classes
- problems with packaging your classes into archives
- security problems due to unclean interfaces between components
- and more to come

To develop a software which is understandable and safe, keep an eye on its inner dependencies.
Do not wait until the entanglement becomes famous!

# Usage as Application

Get the class path of your software. You can always print it out directly from inside your application.
Log the following expression or print it out:

```java
System.getEnv("java.class.path")
```
If you are using gradle, you could call `println sourceSets.main.runtimeClasspath.asPath` to get the path. 

With maven call something like `mvn dependency:build-classpath -Dmdep.outputFile=cp.txt`.

Once you got the class path, call

```
GordianKnot <classpath> [project-name]
```
where `classpath` is the class path of your software (output of above expression) and `project-name` 
is the name of your project.
To avoid very long command line parameters, specify as `classpath` the name of a text file (ending with ".txt") containing
the class path. In that case, `project-name` defaults to the name of that file.

This starts a local web server and displays a link to the output page.

# Usage as Tests

Coming soon


# Coming features

- clicking on elements in reference report selects the respective nodes (call back-end to provide necessary folding status)
- class path elements can be un-selected
- readable names in reports
- show active filters
- keep selection on expand/collapse
- diverse help texts and tool tips

Commit message:

sorted out cyclic dependencies as test

README.md, after:

# Untangle the Gordian Knot!
![Logo](src/main/resources/frontend/knot.png)

This is a tool for analyzing the inner dependencies of your java software
on different levels. It can be used to display interactive
dependency graphs of classes, packages, package subtrees or archives
to help you understand what the structure of your application really is
and how you can make it more similar to what you want it to be.

You may also run the analysis as part of your automatic system tests to
make sure that in an ongoing development process the structure stays clean.

GordianKnot is able to detect
- circular dependencies
- unused classes
- unused libraries
- libraries which may be candidates for replacement

Once finished, it will also report
- missing classes
- problems with packaging your classes into archives
- security problems due to unclean interfaces between components
- and more to come

To develop a software which is understandable and safe, keep an eye on its inner dependencies.
Do not wait until the entanglement becomes famous!

# Usage as Application

Get the class path of your software. You can always print it out directly from inside your application.
Log the following expression or print it out:

```java
System.getEnv("java.class.path")
```
If you are using gradle, you could call `println sourceSets.main.runtimeClasspath.asPath` to get the path. 

With maven call something like `mvn dependency:build-classpath -Dmdep.outputFile=cp.txt`.

Once you got the class path, call

```
GordianKnot <classpath> [project-name]
```
where `classpath` is the class path of your software (output of above expression) and `project-name` 
is the name of your project.
To avoid very long command line parameters, specify as `classpath` the name of a text file (ending with ".txt") containing
the class path. In that case, `project-name` defaults to the name of that file.

This starts a local web server and displays a link to the output page.

# Usage as Tests

Include the following dependency into the test class path of your project:

```
Coming soon
```
The following tests classes are provided:

```
de.tautenhahn.dependencies.commontests.TestCycles
more to come
```
See API documentation of these classes to find out whether some adaption of the tests is needed for your project and how to achieve that. Add the tests to your project, usually by adding them to some test suite.

In case a test fails, verbose information abut the reason will be written into the log file.

# Coming features

- clicking on elements in reference report selects the respective nodes (call back-end to provide necessary folding status)
- class path elements can be un-selected
- readable names in reports
- show active filters
- keep selection on expand/collapse
- diverse help texts and tool tips
